README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## How to Connect To Solace Messaging Service in 6 easy Steps
1) Head over to your service dashboard and select the Connect tab.
![Step1](./setup-img/Step1.png)
2) Scroll down until you see MQTT and open that tab.
![Step2](./setup-img/Step2.png)
3) Within the tab, copy the contents of `Password` and `WebSocket Secured MQTT Host`, but make sure to only grab what's inside `wss://` and `:8443`.
![Step3](./setup-img/Step3-2.png)
4) Open the repository in your favorite text editor and navigate to the `src` folder.
![Step4](./setup-img/Step4.png)
5) Find and open the `messaging-options.js` file.
![Step5](./setup-img/Step5.png)
6) Paste the contents that you copied into the respective labeled slots.  
![Step6](./setup-img/Step6-2.png)

You are good to go!

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify

Commit message:

Added installation instructions to README

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Installation

Navagate to the project directory, and install the required npm packages
### `npm install`

> 📢 If the app crashes because of this error: `Error: error:0308010C:digital envelope routines::unsupported`, run
### `export NODE_OPTIONS=--openssl-legacy-provider`

## Run the App
In the project directory, you can run:
### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.<br />
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br />
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br />
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (Webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## How to Connect To Solace Messaging Service in 6 easy Steps
1) Head over to your service dashboard and select the Connect tab.
![Step1](./setup-img/Step1.png)
2) Scroll down until you see MQTT and open that tab.
![Step2](./setup-img/Step2.png)
3) Within the tab, copy the contents of `Password` and `WebSocket Secured MQTT Host`, but make sure to only grab what's inside `wss://` and `:8443`.
![Step3](./setup-img/Step3-2.png)
4) Open the repository in your favorite text editor and navigate to the `src` folder.
![Step4](./setup-img/Step4.png)
5) Find and open the `messaging-options.js` file.
![Step5](./setup-img/Step5.png)
6) Paste the contents that you copied into the respective labeled slots.  
![Step6](./setup-img/Step6-2.png)

You are good to go!

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration

### Deployment

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify
